If your pie is off of the side of the page, think about where 0,0 is and how to move it there.













pies require two pieces: a pie (to manage the data) and an arc (to figure out the size). The pies provide the angles, the arcs provide the radii.




















When building a pie chart, if you have 3 data points you'll also want 3 wedges.













Something is weird about binding data when building a pie chart! Or different, at least.











normally you'd do

    .data(datapoints)

but when dealing with a pie, instead you do

    .data(pie(datapoints))

and the pie machine adds all sorts of magic to your data (well, just angles, but still)














When you're doing function(d) stuff, be sure to console.log(d) to see what your data looks like! Because you're binding pie(datapoints) instead of just datapoints, they make you work a little more to get to the columns.

















3 slices, so 3 wedges. 3 slices, so 3 text labels.
















When you position the text labels for a pie chart, usually you make a second arc (we'll call it labelArc). This arc should a little bigger than the original pie chart arc, and the inner and outer radii are the same.

Instead of doing that terrible Math.cos and Math.sin stuff to position the text, you use the centroids of your labelArc in order to position your labels!















To simplify a little: add your texts in the same way you made your wedges. Then use transform and the centroid of your datapoint.
















To simplify even more, this is how you should position your labels!

    .attr('transform', function(d) {
      return 'translate(' + labelArc.centroid(d) + ')'
    })















In class we usually center labels with .attr("text-anchor", "middle"), but you can also say "if it's on the right hand side of the circle, left-align. if it's on the left, right-align." That code is:

    .attr("text-anchor", function(d) {
    	if(d.startAngle > Math.PI) {
    	  return "end"
    	} else {
    	  return "start"
    	}
    })



















If the pie slices all seem to be the same color, try console.log(d) to remind yourself what data looks like when you're making a pie graph.










